doc: document multiple roots (#124)
fastify/fastify-static: README.md

```

### Multiple prefixed roots

```js
const fastify = require('fastify')()

> const fastifyStatic = require('fastify-static)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const fastifyStatic = require('fastify-static')
```

const path = require('path')

> // first plugin
> fastify.register((instance, opts, next) => {
>   instance.register(fastifyStatic, {
>     root: path.join(__dirname, 'public')
>   });
>   next()
> })
> // second plugin
> fastify.register((instance, opts, next) => {
>   instance.register(fastifyStatic, {
>     root: path.join(__dirname, 'node_modules'),
>     prefix: '/node_modules/'
>   })
>   next()
> });

Reviewer: This is the same but without the encapsulation overhead

```suggestion
// first plugin
fastify.register(fastifyStatic, {
  root: path.join(__dirname, 'public')
})

// second plugin
fastify.register(fastifyStatic, {
  root: path.join(__dirname, 'node_modules'),
  prefix: '/node_modules/',
  decorateReply: false // the reply decorator has been added by the first plugin registration
})
```
